---
title: May 2023
date: May 1, 2023
version: "1.0"
---
**May 3, 2023**
- Content and design changes related to emails coming in and going out of HHL from Mandrill and Mailchimp. 
- Create a feature to pin posts to the top of a category instead of having to change the date in order for a certain blog post to remain at the top. 
- Patient name and address incorrect when pending Kenneth Anthony Moore's campaign. Address in application automatically filled in without somebody inputting it. Patient name is appearing as the contact's name. 
- Create new compassion fund page called “The Plaintiff Fund” with Jeremy Babener as the main contact. 

**May 4, 2023**
- Update for Stephanie Aune's client page will not display because it is a YouTube video, and also will not show when converted to YouTube Short either. 

**May 17, 2023**
- Update and refresh campaign dashboard for Robin Bennet. 
- Note on client Robin Bennett's dashboard not updating. 

**May 18, 2023**
- The Gaming page is missing content, even though the content exists in WP admin.
- Paid FRF is documented on the check register but not on the client's disbursement report on client's dashboard.

**May 23, 2023**
- The disbursement report is down and has not been updated since May 3rd. 
- Update dashboard for client Leah Henry to the new modern dashboard. 

**May 26, 2023**
- Database report request for living Disbursable Clients along with the city and state these clients are associated with. 
- Update dashboard for client Ray Glass III from the old campaign. 

**May 30, 2023**
- Broken link on Mary Olszewki's client page. 

